Important: Generate parameters for the gobuster tool based on the scope ['www.tide.co', 'web.tide.co', 'api.tide.co', 'login.tide.co', 'app.tide.co', 'api.tideplatform.in'] and rules "1. Respect the Rules, Public Disclosure Policy, and Code of Conduct of HackerOne. Comply with all applicable laws.


Do not compromise customers' security, finances, privacy, or data, or interrupt or degrade the service.


Provide detailed reports with reproducible steps. Insufficiently detailed reports will not be eligible for a reward.


Submit one vulnerability per report, unless you need to chain vulnerabilities for impact.


In the case of duplicate reports, only the first report received (provided it can be fully reproduced) will be awarded.


Multiple vulnerabilities caused by one underlying issue will be awarded one reward.


Social engineering is prohibited.


Testing of vulnerabilities allowing code execution is limited to executing hostname, whoami, or reading the /etc/passwd file.


Testing of vulnerabilities allowing injection of attacker-controlled parts of an SQL query is limited to executing SELECT queries such as @@version, user(); or system_user();
10.Testing of vulnerabilities allowing file uploads is limited to uploading a file containing your HackerOne username.


Limit automated scanning to 30 requests per second. Aggressive testing causing service degradation may result in removal from the program.
12 .You acquire no rights (ownership or otherwise) to any discovered information. The information remains the property of Tide or its third-party partners, suppliers, or customers.
13 .Tide has the right to use your Report for improving and maintaining the security of their services and data.


Tide may modify the Program Policy, suspend, or terminate the Program at any time.


Provide contact information or personal details if requested by Tide or HackerOne.


Do not test for spam, social engineering, or denial of service issues.


No testing accounts or credentials will be provided.


Please note that these rules should be followed when participating in the Tide Program Policy.".The parameters should be in the following format:gobuster : (the parameters for the command).You can refer to the target as "$domain".The output of the tools will be saved to ~/Desktop/output/ and the name of the file will be "tool_name.txt". The double quotes are important.Only wordlists that are 100% installed with the tools used are allowed to be used.Always comply with the rules.Do not explain anything and just response with the command requested.Double-check that the command parameters follow the stated rules.