Process
When undertaking work under this Program Policy, including submitting a Report, You agree that You will adhere to its terms, including our Policy on Disclosures below, as well as to the Code of Conduct of HackerOne.
Please submit your report by clicking on the “Submit Report” button, your submission will be reviewed and validated by a member of the Tide Security team. Providing clear and concise steps to reproduce the issue will help to expedite the response. As a minimum, your report must include:
Clear description and evidence of the vulnerability (logs, screenshots, responses)
Any platforms, operating systems, versions that are relevant
Any relevant IP addresses, URLs and parameters
Any supporting evidence you have collected (logging, tracing etc.)
Your name, contact details and other personal details on our request
Please preserve as much evidence as possible.
Describe the impact. How would the vulnerability be exploited?
Steps to reliably reproduce the issue.
Test Plan
If you are legally resident in a country in which Tide offers business accounts and meet the necessary criteria for an account in that region you may sign up for an account using promocode "HACKERONE".
Once your request for an account is approved via our normal “Know Your Customer” (KYC) processes you may use this account to perform exploratory testing of all API’s listed in the program scope below. If your request for an account is denied for any reason we are not able to facilitate testing accounts but you may still perform unauthenticated testing on any public API’s or applications listed in the program scope.
We would consider being able to create an account without going through our KYC processes to be a critical severity issue.
Identifying Yourself
It is likely that traffic generated by researchers will be categorised as malicious. Identifying your traffic will help us classify the traffic accordingly. We request that this is done by adding the following header to your request:
X-Hackerone: username
Eligibility
Eligibility is limited to the in-scope domains and applications listed at the bottom of this page. Valid vulnerabilities on any domain not explicitly listed as in scope will be accepted but are ineligible for a cash reward (eligible for other rewards). Note that vulnerabilities in third-party libraries only qualify if we determine that they can be used to successfully exploit Tide.
Vulnerability reports must be submitted to Tide via HackerOne.
Individuals who are on the UK, European, US or UN sanction lists or submit reports from or are from countries subject to trade restrictions or export sanctions are not eligible to participate in the Program or receive Rewards.
Program Rules
Respect these Rules, our Public Disclosure Policy below and the Code of Conduct of HackerOne. You agree to comply with all applicable laws in the course of your participation in the Tide Program Policy. * This also means that You will not be compromising our customers' security, finances, privacy or data, or interrupt or degrade our service.
Provide detailed reports with reproducible steps. If the report is not detailed enough to reproduce the issue, the issue will not be eligible for a reward.
Submit one vulnerability per report, unless you need to chain vulnerabilities to provide impact.
When duplicates occur, Tide will only award the first report that was received (provided that it can be fully reproduced). You must be the first to identify and report a previously unknown vulnerability to be eligible for an award.
Multiple vulnerabilities caused by one underlying issue will be awarded one reward.
Social engineering is prohibited.
Testing of vulnerabilities that allow execution of code should be limited to executing hostname, whoami or reading the /etc/passwd file.
Testing of vulnerabilities that allow injection of attacker-controlled parts of a SQL query should be limited to executing SELECT queries such as @@version, user(); or system_user();
Testing of vulnerabilities that allow the upload of files through any means should be limited to the upload of a file containing your Hackerone username.
Please limit any automated scanning to 30 requests per second. Aggressive testing that causes service degradation will be grounds for removal from the program.
You agree that you acquire no rights (of ownership or otherwise) to any information you discover and that this information remains the property of Tide or of its third-party partners, suppliers or customers.
You agree that Tide will have the right to use your Report, including but not limited to for the purpose of improving and maintaining the security of our services and data.
Tide may modify the terms of this Program Policy, or suspend, or terminate the Program at any time.
You agree to provide us or HackerOne with your contact information or other personal details if we request it.
Please do not test for spam, social engineering or denial of service issues.
No testing accounts or credentials will be provided.
GDPR
Personally identifiable information (PII) includes any information which could identify a person directly or indirectly. This may include but is not limited to, name, address, contact information, customer number, location data or device data.
If you encounter Personally Identifiable Information (PII) or any data labelled as “RED”, you have to immediately contact us at security@tide.co. Tide is not authorising you to access this PII and you should immediately delete any PII or other Tide confidential data.
Response Targets
Tide will make reasonable endeavours to meet the following response targets for hackers participating in our program:
Time to first response (from report submit) - 2 business days
Time to triage (from report submit) - 2 business days
Time to bounty (from triage) - 7 business days
We’ll try to keep you informed about our progress throughout the process.
Rewards
Tide will evaluate Reports compliant with the Program Policy and may decide to issue a reward to Finders for such Reports. All compliant submissions will be evaluated by Tide's Security Team.
Out of scope vulnerabilities
When reporting vulnerabilities, please consider both the attack scenario/exploitability and the impact of the vulnerability. The following issues are considered out of scope:
Reports from automated tools or scans
Do not try to exploit service providers we use, prohibited actions include, but are not limited to brute-forcing login credentials of Domain Registrars, DNS Hosting Companies, Email Providers and/or others.
Reports affecting outdated browsers
Denial of Service Attacks
Content spoofing and text injection issues without showing an attack vector/without being able to modify HTML/CSS
Missing best practices in Content Security Policy.
Issues without clearly identified security impact or speculative theoretical exploitability
Missing security best practices and controls (rate-limiting/throttling, lack of CSRF protection, lack of security headers, missing flags on cookies, descriptive errors, server/technology disclosure - without clear and working exploit)
Lack of crossdomain.xml, p3p.xml, robots.txt or any other policy files and/or wildcard presence/misconfigurations in these.
Use of known vulnerable libraries or frameworks without a clear and working exploit
Self-exploitation (cookie reuse, self cookie-bomb, self denial-of-service etc.)
Self Cross-site Scripting vulnerabilities without evidence on how the vulnerability can be used to attack another user
Lack of HTTPS
Reports about insecure SSL / TLS configuration
Password complexity requirements, account/email enumeration, or any report that discusses how you can learn whether a given username or email address has a Tide related account
Presence/Lack of autocomplete attribute on web forms/password managers.
Server Banner Disclosure/Technology used Disclosure
Full Path Disclosure
IP Address Disclosure
CSRF on logout or insignificant functionalities
Lack of Secure or HTTP only flag on non-sensitive cookies
Publicly accessible login panels
Clickjacking
CSS Injection attacks. (Unless it gives you the ability to read anti-CSRF tokens or other sensitive information)
Tabnabbing
Host Header Injection (Unless it gives you access to interim proxies)
Cache Poisoning
Reflective File Download
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) Access-Control-Allow-Origin: * or accepting of custom Origin header that does not specifically show a valid attack scenario
PRSSI - Path-relative stylesheet import vulnerabilities (without an impactful exploitation scenario - for example stealing CSRF-tokens)
OPTIONS/TRACE/DELETE/PUT/WEBDAV or any other HTTP Methods accepted by the server which do not specifically show a valid attack scenario
Cookie scoped to parent domain or anything related to the path misconfiguration and improperly scoped
Private IP/Hostname disclosures or real IP disclosures for services using CDN
Open ports that do not lead directly to a vulnerability
Missing email best practices (Invalid, incomplete or missing SPF/DKIM/DMARC records, etc.)
Lack of DNS CAA and DNS-related configurations
Weak Certificate Hash Algorithm
Social engineering of Tide employees or contractors
Any physical/wireless attempt against Tide property
Vulnerabilities only affecting users of outdated or unpatched browsers [Less than 2 stable versions behind the latest released stable version]
Open redirect - unless an additional security impact can be demonstrated
Theoretical sub-domain takeovers with no supporting evidence
Any issue in a mobile application that can only be exploited on a rooted or jailbroken device
Reports of broken links or unclaimed social media accounts
Security vulnerabilities in third-party products or websites that are not under Tide’s direct control
Issues that require unlikely user interaction
Public Zero-day vulnerabilities that have had an official patch for less than 1 month will be awarded on a case by case basis.
Disclosure Policy
Treat all Tide information that is not publicly available, including any information that you discover, as strictly confidential and do not disclose it to any third party. You may not copy, reproduce it or use it other than for producing your Report in accordance with this Program Policy.
In all cases, you may not disclose your Report to anyone before you obtain prior written authorisation (even if more than 30 days have passed since your submission). If You publicly disclose a Report without Tide’s authorisation, a program ban will also be applied.
Tide does not generally publicly disclose reports. If and when Tide does disclose a report, it will be mutually agreed with You.
You also agree that You shall not use Tide’s name or trademark in any type of advertising/publicity before you have obtained our prior written authorisation, or make representations that your work is in any way endorsed by Tide or its Affiliates.
Feedback
You agree that the Report submitted to Tide may include comments, feedback, ideas, suggestions, data or other information (collectively the “Feedback”) and hereby permit Tide to use any provided Feedback to, without limitation, develop and enhance Tide’s current or future products and services, and security environment thereof, and for other related internal uses.
Safe Harbour
Any activities conducted in a manner consistent with this policy will be considered authorised conduct and we will not initiate legal action against you.
By submitting a Report, you explicitly acknowledge and agree to adhere to the above policy.